 Thank you back with us. I'm sure you're going to have to consult and see what was called the day with Mike. Absolutely. So you're saying send five kids, not nodes, and you will send four back with the version one echo, and one of them will be on version 1.99 at a later time.  at a later time with the Cypher kit we send at a later date and that one kit that's on the 1.99 you will hold on to until we send to soldiers TDI and that's no no no no yeah hang on right on so you send you send five kids okay okay okay we have a 1.99 you send five  how I'll type it in your use N5 and we ship that 5 kits for upgrades 1D  9 and 2, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8,  Yeah, I'm going to have to see him type it out because I was not tracking what you're saying. Alright, put it in check. So you're going to send us five kits. It's the proposal. And again, we can do less. But if you send five, we'll ship back the same five kits. What you're going to get is for upgrade to the VMware. You're going to go...  to the VMware, you're gonna get one on one.99 current software everything you're trained on and you'll get two BASHIN hosts and those BASHIN hosts could be used to rebuild the other two kits and you'll also get the firewalls and the cables and everything needed to upgrade the BASHIN kit. What are BASHIN hosts? He was explaining that the BASHIN host was the sacrificial node earlier.  official node earlier. Yeah, and that can be used to. It sounds like they're gonna make two bash nodes, and we can use those two to get the other all of them up to where they need to be. That's what it sounds like. Nice. Yeah, instead of you having to mess with the phone, have them all drive, you shift the kit to us. We'll do the rebuild for you, get it working, and send it back to you. Awesome.  send a pack to you. Awesome. And the two BASH and HOST are going to be what we utilize, kind of like the FML drive to rebuild if there are issues. You'll be able to take the two BASH and plug them into your new, your kids that haven't been upgraded and you'll be able to convert them into new kids. Okay. Amazing.  Okay, it's amazing. Sounds good. I don't see any issue with that plan. Most likely that would be our course of action. I don't get back to you. Yeah, that's true. Because consult with your leadership. Let us know that way you're not messing with if I'm on my drives and we're not trying to do things over a phone. Although I have it from good.  I have it from good sources that I have a lot of people willing to fly out there. Yeah, seems like it. Why do you need them to help upgrade? We always have a lot of people wanting to help out here. That's right. This is Hawaii. And again, Hawaii is your side. You guys do need it.  If you guys need help on site, ever, feel free to reach out with you guys. It's always a work to funding out because U.S. not cheap. But if you do need help, I think this plan of action will be able to help you get upgraded without having us to be on site. Absolutely. Yeah, and you guys have been such a huge help for a month.  You guys have been such a huge help for ever since I took up this role. I've noticed you guys were always very fast with the replies and very informative. And so just thank you to everybody here. I don't have any more questions. Miss Nicole, did you? Yeah, I just have one more thing to say into asking you guys.  say into asking you guys. Thank you for that. I know you guys have worked with my team here and there, but I do want to just make sure you guys know. The nerd is awesome. They're great, but never, if you guys ever have an issue with things that we send you, just let us know. My guys are here. They're willing to work with you and walk you through those processes, especially  through those processes, especially because we see things more frequently that the nerve may or may not see. So if you ever work with them and you can't get things resolved, always reach back out to us because we are our first thing, and make sure that you guys all have what you need to get the job done. So we're always here, so don't hesitate to reach out. Absolutely. Are you saying that the nerve shouldn't be...  Absolutely. Are you saying that the nurse shouldn't be like we should go to you guys before the nerd for assistance? No, I don't want to you know make a precedent. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. People like to work with who they like to work with. But if you don't get resolved, just or you can double tap us if you want. Hey, work with the nerd or then just make sure.  or work with the nerve or just make sure, or at least make sure we're tracking that you're having an issue. Because I know, I think they got a lot of complaints. I think they got a lot of complaints. I think they got a lot of complaints. I think they got a lot of complaints. I think they got a lot of complaints. I think they got a lot of complaints. I think they got a lot of complaints. I think they got a lot of complaints. I think they got a lot of complaints. I think they got a lot of complaints. I think they got a lot of complaints. I think they got a lot of complaints. I think they got a lot of complaints. I think they got a lot of complaints. I think they got a lot of complaints. I think they got a lot of complaints. I think they got a lot of complaints.  Is it a ticketing? Is it a website in the co-level? There's a group box and they believe you guys do have that information for the reservations. Open a ticket, travel ticket with this and say I'm having problems, describe the problem, and then just put down that you're consulting with the nerd for help. That way we can kind of battle track with third.  battle track with third, see what the problem is and if it doesn't get resolved in a timely manner, he can ship it in help out. Awesome. Yeah, uh, absolutely. Is there anything else? Because we don't have any more questions on our end? Let's cover next steps. You're going to get back.  Right, next steps. You're gonna get back to us with the shipping timeline so we know when the kit comes in Number one, and I'll write it down. We need a ship timeline for you Aren't you gonna give us the itemization list first? Yep, well, I mean Same time  Yeah. Pretty much you can count on being all the notes. The questions we're going to go over is how much the cable in the co-wants. That being said, I think you want a complete, you want us to go over the kit completely to include cables, is that correct?  So from my perspective, the answer would be yes. Awesome. We have to count on a complete ship back in that way we can go over everything. And if you need to ship less, let us know. But we'll send a nine of shipments. Yeah, because one of the nose does go into the backpack and we need all eight nodes. Yeah.  the all eight nodes, you know, perfectly unless you can shove it in one of the cases. So even though we're not dealing with the laptop, we still want to give it to the office. Let's go. Yeah, we'll send the whole thing. Our 2060 is aligned so that it's going to be easier with the full kit to itemize everything anyways. So. Gotcha. Um.  Gotcha. The inventory of the full kit shipping date next. Here we go. I dropped it in chat. So, ship time on mute. You're gonna go  Ship time on from you you're gonna go to the investment and say Based on who we talk to we think it can come in April 20th that way we kind of have a ballpark of when it comes in and then Nicole send you The list should be just a list of everything in the kit once we get  Once we get confirmation of shipping rival date, we can start coordinating a master gunner visit and timeline. Again, let me make clear that master gunner timeline is completely independent of your kit shipping. So don't feel like you need to wait for the kit to arrive. It's ideal if your master gunner can come in and then...  If your master gunner can come in and then we can walk her through, a cheat can see us upgrading your kits, but if they're not present, we can do with other kits, we can do the same thing. And we'll provide training and upgrade the kits, and then we'll ship those back. And then the last two will be your remote rebuild. Just want to again stress that master gunner, we can work.  that master gunner you can work that out independent of the kit shift times as a matter of fact if we upgrade the kits and shift and then your master gun needs to visit after that we can work that timeline out. Nicole you had comments? Now I'm just gonna drop the DCO reservations.  the DCO reservations group box in the chat that will touch everybody just about. So that's the easiest email address to use so we can track your coordination. Sounds good. So about the training. Previously we've had the nerd come out to Hawaii.  had the nerd come out to Hawaii and give us about a week or two of training. Given with this upgrade, we were planning to do another one. It's just now that you're talking about this with the armory. Are they a person on the armory that can come out to a wife for training session for a beaker 2 or is it still with the nerd that has those training?  still with the nerve that has those training opportunities. Because I know they have a schedule offer at FI-24. I didn't, I wasn't aware that the Army offers this as well. So change in the way we do training in the past when we've done that. We have contracted an outside vendor and they provide training material.  provide training material and we pay for like four classes that's that the changes uh we're trying to bring on staff members to do training full-time so we'll bring on two bodies roughly that will do full-time training and so we will have people that can go out to train with you that all being said we're in the process of bringing those on board then nerd already has  The nerd already has training their first Beta class if you will is people 15 It's internal, they're trying to work out their teaching So again, if you give a third they may have offerings What they do have, which is awesome If you didn't know it, is they have videos that show how to cable it And videos show you how to walk through  to show you how to walk through adjacent setups. So they have fantastic videos and ask for their t-shirts. They're very cool, but they have cool videos that will walk you through how to set up the initial B1 echo. Thank you, sir. And in the meantime, during this whole process, are there any documentation that are current master gunners as well as the rest of our team?  master gunners as well as the rest of our team can read over just like anything we have a admin guide and again if you get with nerd they actually have videos that I'm sure they can share we are in the process of working with there is a find a place to host those videos so that you can go to an army website and be able to watch  army website and be able to watch the videos. I think they're checking the video with them they can help with the videos and we have the operational manual the code you have that in the armor. I think they have the If you can hit dust and up hill send you the latest and greatest and then we double you have a copy Okay, yeah, I know he was talking about coming  Okay, yeah, I know he was talking about coming back and trying to formalize that. I guess the only thing is, and we'll talk about this one is the version. Which EOD version we want to focus on for them? 100% agree. And what we're meaning by that is look, everything we're giving you right now is draft.  We're giving you right now. This draft, we have not finalized the manuals or the training. We're in the process of doing that now. So we're happy to share it in advance, to understand what the final product looks like made varies skidly, although the bones of it will be the same, but the procedures bring change of it. I certainly will appreciate anything that you guys have.  We'll appreciate anything that you guys have. At least early to look is always nice. Now, if you want to get ahead of the game, my recommendation, because you guys should have access to you to meet correct. Yes. OK, then I would look at the EM work training with you to send some specific classes that are recommended.  glasses that are recommended but take the VMware training that will help you out. That's the main difference with the kid upgrades to VMware. The second thing is you will be getting the secured union 2.4.50 upgrade so that'll be a significant change for you as well. Sir, sounds good.  Yeah, we'll start coordinating the timeline for shipping. Are there any? All right, go ahead. Are there any hard things that we should be waiting for to receive from you guys? For example, let's see, sanitization, I see the PowerPoint.  I see the power point but later on we'll get the memorandum from General Barrett as well as I don't know if you guys have like an actual inventory or itemization list that you want us to check through we have our own and it should be the exact same but If there's anything I can send those to you sir. Sounds good  So you, sir? Sanjka, and after that we'll just get moving with our shipping after confirming with command. So let's do this next week is a bad week for us, so please email us. If I'd like to set up a follow on meeting with you for the week after.  the week after. So if you'll tell me what day is good for you, we'll take the 1600 and we'll set up a meeting and do a follow on to make sure we have everything for you. Yes, I'm going to leave that to Seth's R and Jones. Next week, all of our soldiers are taking sands for the entirety of from Monday to Saturday, so we'll have to be starting on the 15th of April.  team to be. They're doing what? Sans training sir. Oh Sans, I thought you said Sans like S-A-N-D-S. Yeah so next week isn't good for us either that's perfect on the week of the 15th we'll work something out with Staff Sergeant Jones to schedule another reading 1600, 10am our time sounds good.  Okay, thanks everybody, appreciate it. No, thank you everybody for your time as always. You guys are so incredibly helpful.