 Founder Man An essay by P.I. Published the 1st September, 2020  At a YC event last week, Brian Truski gave a talk that everyone who was there will remember. Most founders I talked to afterwards said it was the best they'd ever heard.  ever heard. When can you, for the first time in this year, forget to take notes? I'm not going to try to work on this at all. Instead, I'm going to talk about a question at last.  The theme of Brian's talk was that the conventional reasoning about how to learn the actual companies  Well-meaning people advised him that he had to run the company in a certain way for it to scale. Their advice could be optimistically summarized as, hire good people and give them room to do their jobs.  to do their jobs. He followed this advice and it was a tremendous loss to us. So he had to figure out a better way on his own, which he did partly by studying how steam works. The end. Thanks for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video.  when I'll be. So far, it seems to be working. Airbnb's free cash for your auction is now in one of the best in Silicon Valley. The audience at this event included  The events at this event included a lot of the most successful founders we've founded, and one after another said that the same thing had happened to them. They'd been given the same advice about how to win their companies as they grew.  as they grew, and instead of helping their companies, it had damaged them. Why was everyone telling these foreigners the real thing? That was the big misdrena.  That was the big mystery. And after laying it over for a bit, I figured out the answer. What they were being told was how to win a company you hadn't founded. How to win a company if you're now the unprofessional man of the world.  be a professional manager. But this MO is so much less effective than to founders at face breaking. There are things founders can do that managers can't. And not doing them feels wrong to founders.  And in fact, there are two different ways to run a company, founder mode and manager mode.  I know most creepy elements of your corn voles have implicitly assumed that scouring the store it meant switching to monitor. But what can inform the existence of a middleware for the dismal focus of corn voles?  founders have tried it, and the success of their attempts to escape from it. There are, as far as I know, no books specifically about Founder Man. Business School  Business schools don't know it exists. All we have so far are the experiments of individual farmers who've been figuring it out for themselves. But now that we know what we're looking for, we can...  feel, we can search for. I hope in a few years, finally, we'd be as well-informed as manage away. We can only guess at some of the years at right before.  The way managers are taught to run companies seems to be like watching a design, in the  intellectual portrait today, and it's up to them to figure out how. But you don't get involved in the details of your father. That would be more colliding, which is bad.  How do you get people and give them room to do their jobs? Sounds great when it's described that way, doesn't it? Yeah. I think that's a great question. I think that's a great question. I think that's a great question. I think that's a great question. I think that's a great question. I think that's a great question. I think that's a great question. I think that's a great question. I think that's a great question. I think that's a great question. I think that's a great question. I think that's a great question. I think that's a great question. I think that's a great question. I think that's a great question. I think that's a great question. I think that's a great question. I think that's a great question. I think that's a great question. I think that's a great question. I think that's a great question. I think that's a great question.  from your opponent founder after founder. What this often turns out to mean is how professional thinkers and let them drive the company into the ground. One thing.  One thing. I noticed both in Brian's talk and when talking to founders after one, was the idea of being gaslit. Founders feel like they're being gaslit.  they're being gaslit from both sides. By the people telling them they have to run their companies like managers and by the people looking for them when they do. Usually, when everyone around you disagrees,  I've been around you in disagreements with you. Your default assumption should be that you're mistaken. But this is one of the real exceptions. VCs who haven't been founders themselves don't know how far they can go.  don't know how far an ocean wind opens, and some of the exacts is a curse, and can't save the most scathing laws in the world. We ever found a wind concessive, it's pretty clear that it's a curse.  It's pretty clear that it's going to block the principle that the CEO should engage with the corporate, even for his or her direct reports. Skip the review matter as we become the leader. Instead of a practice,  instead of a practice so unusual that there's a man-feud. And once you abandon that constraint, there are a huge number of permutations to choose from. For example,  For example, Steve Jobs used to run an annual retreat for what he considered the 100 most important people in Albi. And these were not the 100 people highest on the Earth chart.  Can you imagine the force of your attitude to do this at the average company? And you imagine how useful such a thing can be? It can make a big company feel like a startup.  Steve Presel and my brother have kept having these retreats if they didn't work. But I've never heard of another company doing this. So, is it a good idea or a bad one? We still have to wait.  We still don't know. That's how many we know about fauna now. Obviously faunas can't keep running a 2,000 person company the way they wanted when it had 20. Ask why.  There's going to have to be some amount of delegation. Where the builders of the autonomy end up, and how sharp they are, it probably will vary from company to company. They even vary from time to time.  from time to time within the same company, as managers on trust. So, for the more you can be a copycat of the manager more, didn't you also look better?  We already know that for man's copies of individual photos, blipping no one to it. Indeed, another production we make about photo mood, is that once we figure out what it is,  We found that a number of elementary foreigners were over and lost of the weather, except that in doing what they did, they were recorded by many as eccentric idiots.  Curiously enough, it's an encouraging thought that we still know so many about founder mode. Look at what founders have achieved already. And yet they would see  And yet they've achieved this against a hit one with bad advice. Imagine what they do once we can tell them how to win their companies like Steve Jobs instead of John Scalian.